RDoc-2112-Passing-Cert-Replication (#1458)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.0/Raven.Documentation.Pages/studio/database/tasks/ongoing-tasks/ravendb-etl-task.markdown

* ETL is different from data replication. See [RavenDB ETL Task -vs- Replication Task](../../../../studio/database/tasks/ongoing-tasks/ravendb-etl-task#ravendb-etl-task--vs--replication-task)  

> * In RavenDB ETL, **a certificate must be passed** from the source server to the destination so that the destination server trusts the source.  

Reviewer: isn't that only true when a secure server is used?

Reviewer 2: yes true.

I would rephrase that. Sth like this?
```
In order for RavenDB ETL to work between secured servers the destination server must trust the source server...
```

Author: To avoid using two sentences here, after "In RavenDB ETL" I added the words "between secure servers".

> * In RavenDB ETL between secure clusters, **a certificate must be passed** from the source cluster to the destination so that the destination cluster trusts the source.  

Reviewer 2: What do you think about putting it this way?
```suggestion
* In RavenDB ETL between secure clusters, **a server certificate** of the source cluster must be installed in the destination cluster in order to enable trust from the source cluster to the destination.  
```

Author: It's in 4.0.  Back then the studio UI called it 'export cluster certificate' and 'upload client certificate'.  I'll use that language...
I broke it up into two sentences because it became too long to be user-friendly.
